Add README (#1)
scverse/ecosystem-packages: README.md

appropriate software.

**Hint:** If you want to receive notifications about new ecosystem packages, simply
use GitHub's "watch" functionality for this repository.

## What are the requirements for an ecosystem package?

For a package to be approved as ecosystem package we expect certain minimum
requirements, in particular:

-   The package can be installed from a standard registry (e.g. PyPI or
    conda-forge)
-   The package uses automated software tests and continuous integration
-   The package provides API documentation
-   The package uses scverse datastructures where appropriate (i.e.
    anndata/mudata and their modality-specific extensions)

There are additional requirements which we strongly recommend, but do not
enforce:

-   The package should provide tutorials (or "vignettes") as part of the
    documentation.
-   The package uses our [cookiecutter
    template](https://github.com/scverse/cookiecutter-scverse).

Note that the ecosystem packages are not necessarily constrained to Python
software, as long as they fulfil the above requirements.

If you cannot or do not want to comply with these requirements, you are still

> free to use be interoperable with scverse packages by using our datastructures,

Reviewer: Instead of "free to use be interoperable" --> "free to be interoperable"

> free to use be interoperable with scverse packages by using our datastructures,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
free to be interoperable with scverse packages by using our data structures,
```

It **does not** mean we endorse the package or performed an in-depth review.

**Hint:** If you want to receive notifications about new ecosystem packages, simply use GitHub's "watch" functionality for this repository.

## How can my package become part of the list?

Submit a pull-request adding a `meta.yaml` file for your package to the `packages` directory.

-   Please refer to other entries for examples
-   The full definition of available fields is available in [`schema.json`](schema.json)
-   Please copy the checklist from below into the pull request description and answer all questions.

## What are the requirements for an ecosystem package?

For a package to become an approved ecosystem package, it must fulfill all mandatory requirements from the checklist below.

Ecosystem packages can be written in non-Python languages as long as they fulfill the above requirements.

If you cannot or do not want to comply with these requirements, you are still free to make your package interoperable with scverse by using our datastructures, but we will not list your package on our ecosystem page.

## Checklist for adding packages

> ### Mandatory

Reviewer 2: Why is this section separate from the requirements one above?

Also, I don't think it needs to be a checklist unless it's in the PR template.

Author: The details are gone now from the above section... any chance you've been looking at an old version? 
But we can also make it a subheading...

As I mentioned in the other PR, I didn't like the PR template too much - I think the full checklist should be more accessible than being hidden in a PR template. 

We can wrap this up tonight.

Name of the tool: XXX

Short description: XXX

How does the package use scverse data structures (please describe in a few sentences): XXX

> -   [ ] The code is publicly available under an OSI-approved license

Reviewer 3: add hyperlink

> -   [ ] The code is publicly available under an OSI-approved license

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   [ ] The code is publicly available under an [OSI-approved](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical) license
```

-   [ ] The package provides versioned releases

> -   [ ] The package can be installed from a standard registry (e.g. PyPI or conda-forge)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   [ ] The package can be installed from a standard registry (e.g. PyPI, conda-forge, bioconda)
```

-   [ ] The package uses automated software tests and continuous integration

> -   [ ] The package provides API documentation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   [ ] The package provides API documentation via a website or README
```

# Scverse Ecosystem Packages

This repository contains the list of scverse ecosystem packages that are displayed on scverse.org.
The goal is to increase visibility of ecosystem packages and make it easier for users to find appropriate software.
In the future, we may also test releases of core packages against the test suites of ecosystem packages.

> If a package is part of this list, it means it fulfils certain minimum requirements
> as outlined below. It **does not** mean we endorse the package or performed an in-depth
> review.
> 
> **Hint:** If you want to receive notifications about new ecosystem packages, simply
> use GitHub's "watch" functionality for this repository.
> 
> ## How can my package become part of the list?
> 
> Submit a pull-request adding a `meta.yaml` file for your package to the `packages` directory.
> 
> -   Please refer to other entries for examples
> -   The full definition of available fields is available in [`schema.json`](schema.json)
> -   Please copy the checklist from below into the pull request description and answer all questions.
> 
> ## What are the requirements for an ecosystem package?
> 
> For a package to become an approved ecosystem package, it must fulfill all mandatory requirements from the checklist
> below.
> 
> Ecosystem packages can be written in non-Python languages as long as they fulfill the above requirements.
> 
> If you cannot or do not want to comply with these requirements, you are still
> free to make your package interoperable with scverse by using our datastructures,
> but we will not list your package on our ecosystem page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a package is part of this list, it means it fulfills certain minimum requirements as outlined below.
It **does not** mean we endorse the package or performed an in-depth review.

**Hint:** If you want to receive notifications about new ecosystem packages, simply use GitHub's "watch" functionality for this repository.

## How can my package become part of the list?

Submit a pull-request adding a `meta.yaml` file for your package to the `packages` directory.

-   Please refer to other entries for examples
-   The full definition of available fields is available in [`schema.json`](schema.json)
-   Please copy the checklist from below into the pull request description and answer all questions.

## What are the requirements for an ecosystem package?

For a package to become an approved ecosystem package, it must fulfill all mandatory requirements from the checklist below.

Ecosystem packages can be written in non-Python languages as long as they fulfill the above requirements.

If you cannot or do not want to comply with these requirements, you are still free to make your package interoperable with scverse by using our datastructures, but we will not list your package on our ecosystem page.
```

# Scverse Ecosystem Packages

> This repository contains a list of approved software that works together with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This repository contains a list of verified software that works together with
```
?

Reviewer 2: Tbh:

```suggestion
This repository contains a list of software that works together with
```

> scverse core packages and are listed on our website. The goal is to increase

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
scverse core packages and are listed on the scverse website. The goal is to increase
```

> This repository contains a list of approved software that works together with
> scverse core packages and are listed on our website. The goal is to increase
> visibility of ecosystem packages and make it easier for users to find
> appropriate software. In the future, we may also test releases of core packages against
> the test suites of ecosystem packages.

Reviewer 2: Only the first sentence changed. Just made each sentence it's own line for ease of editing.

```suggestion
This repository contains the list of scverse ecosystem packages that are displayed on scverse.org.
The goal is to increase visibility of ecosystem packages and make it easier for users to find appropriate software. 
In the future, we may also test releases of core packages against the test suites of ecosystem packages.
```

If a package is part of this list, it means it fulfils certain minimum requirements
as outlined below. It **does not** mean we endorse the package or performed an in-depth
review.

**Hint:** If you want to receive notifications about new ecosystem packages, simply
use GitHub's "watch" functionality for this repository.

## How can my package become part of the list?

Submit a pull-request adding a `meta.yaml` file for your package to the `packages` directory.

-   Please refer to other entries for examples
-   The full definition of available fields is available in [`schema.json`](schema.json)
-   Please copy the checklist from below into the pull request description and answer all questions.

## What are the requirements for an ecosystem package?

For a package to become an approved ecosystem package, it must fulfill all mandatory requirements from the checklist
below.

> Ecosystem packages are not necessarily constrained to Python software as long as they fulfil the above requirements.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ecosystem packages can be written in non-Python languages as long as they fulfill the above requirements.
```
